hey guys what's up yo karami here and
i'm here today to bring you guys my
review of naruto chapter 578 i really
really liked the first page of the
chapter it has like all the characters
that are in fights right now in chibi
form and it shows the three fights that
are going on right now and it says that
the ninja World War arc is gonna be at
its climax and these three fights will
determine what's gonna happen to their
world so the fights are the masked man
which is Toby which we don'ts know who
he is yet vs naruto be Kakashi and guy
then we got Madara versus the five kages
which is an awesome fight so far and
lastly they got sasuke and itachi vs
kabuto so let's move on in this chapter
we got to see madera versus the five
kages and sasuke and itachi vs kabuto we
did not see any of the naruto vs Toby
parts that's probably gonna be for next
chapter it's funny that kobato is
actually trying to trick sasuke to fight
Itachi he's like yo we had the same
master he touches the one that killed a
little Chi has so you know we got the
same motives come on joining my son will
fight together and defeat him and Sasuke
is like yeah right so they pretty much
joined up to fight against kobato it's
crazy how confident Kabuto is he's
fighting against itachi and sasuke the
two strong acid cheetahs right now and
he's just like nothing you can do can
defeat me nothing you can do can stop
the 80 10 say that's it you're screwed
guys and he taught you even set his plan
out loud what he's gonna do and combat
was like that's nothing that's ain't
gonna stop anything edo tensei jusef has
no flaws that's pretty much all we got
to see of the fight pretty much the
beginning fight of itachi and sasuke
verse is Kabuto which is going to be
awesome since the last panel looks
freaking epic how capital looks with all
those snakes around them and stuff and
the other five like I said is the five
kages vs madara and again it was pretty
awesome that technique that Sanada using
like heels up straight off she like
which punches that thing off and it
heals up right away that technique is
the ultimate healing ninja technique I'm
telling you but this chapter is also
kind of a setup was gonna be coming up
next with this fight because what Madera
does is he's like oh you want five verse
one you want five verse one cog a buncha
no Jitsu and he has created five
medeiros / acog a to fight that's pretty
awesome so it's really now 5 verse 1
that's practically all that really
happened in this chapter it's kind of a
guest a setup for these two upcoming
fights or the continuation of the COG a
fight and the beginning of the tablet to
a fight yeah a lot of good stuff gonna
be happening pretty soon probably next
chapter we're gonna return to the whole
Toby and Naruto and bee and guy in
Kakashi part and continue on with that
stuff but yeah guys this is definitely
the climax of the series the climax of
the war it's getting insane it has been
insane for the past like five to ten
chapters but I'm telling you what's
coming up next I I can't even imagine
how insane is gonna get that's pretty
much my thoughts on this review leaving
your thoughts and comments below what
you guys thought of it and all the kind
of good stuff I'm your Karama Facebook
and Twitter and stuff in the description
but also don't forget to like and follow
and subscribe to the channel the kind of
good stuff and they be about peace